Fix stale SvelteKit workflow queue triggers (#1984)
vercel/workflow: .changeset/stale-sveltekit-triggers.md

---
'@workflow/sveltekit': patch
---

> Remove stale workflow queue triggers from shared SvelteKit Vercel function configs.

Reviewer: Wording nit: the changeset description is accurate but doesn't convey end-user impact. From a SvelteKit user's perspective the symptom they'll recognize in their changelog is duplicate / extra Workflow queue consumers in their deployment. Consider:

```suggestion
---
'@workflow/sveltekit': patch
---

Fix duplicate Workflow queue consumers in deployed SvelteKit apps by stripping stale `__wkf_workflow_*` and `__wkf_step_*` triggers from the shared source function after copying them to the dedicated `flow.func` / `step.func` outputs.
```

Non-blocking.

Author: Done in bf8dfaf: updated the changeset to call out the duplicate Workflow queue consumers symptom for SvelteKit deployments.
